now I don't know about every location
but I do know in my neck of the hood
Burger King is now serving lunch at 7:00
a.m. that's when you take a stab at your
competition YouTube Facebook Twitter
Sherm Amy and Dame drops back again with
another
food you can take a baby I know you
can't hey listen man I don't know if you
guys up on gaming Burger King now has a
barbecue bacon whopper now a lot of you
new to the channel you do not know how I
get down
this want for my look real naked to you
I have the onions of the pickles so
don't ask about the lettuce and tomatoes
because that's about as close as you're
gonna get to the extra love on my
Burrell they're not playing son you see
that barbecue sauce game barbecue sauce
is so gangster I'm not even expecting
crunchy bacon I gotta keep it funky with
you that sauce guy let me pull away let
me pull away that sauce game is laid
down proper look at that boy got a ball
I got about four pickles in the piece
barbecue sauce is everywhere cheese
melted up proper on the beef I think
there's a lot in it's like a little
strip of bacon in there let's beat this
up properly mmm I feel like I'm missing
something
BK let me holla at you as you say how to
take a few bites out of your barbecue
bacon whopper because um where's the
beef my first bite went from bread to
pickle to string barbecue sauce where's
the beef this beef is thin like a steak
um like a steak um it still be come on
daddy
this is crazy man like the pickles are
proper I'm no hater of pickles shout out
to my man can Dominic a kbd production
Stevie I know you don't like pickles
player I'm actually no hater of pickles
that's how I mean can't get down like
hello due to lettuce and tomatoes I
won't do
but I do pickles all day he won't do him
so shout out to my man can I let you
board the pickles only added zest to the
taste of the barbecue sauce and the
bread so how can we possibly corners of
barbecue bacon whopper but don't you say
bacon did I just say bacon the bacon was
a sloppy copy so I knew the fakin was
going to be was gonna be weak there's no
strength in this burger aside from the
barbecue sauce this thing could have so
much potential BK it could have so much
potential and it fell short I'm gonna
have to give your barbecue bacon whopper
a two and a half son bky but to the late
80s Early 90s you had the burger game on
smash son I'm not gonna stunt I'm not
gonna be the one to sit here and but
like BK was always hitting below the
belt like there was a point in time late
eighties early nineties you go to Burger
King and get yourself a flame grill
whopper and they did not play any games
it was damn sexy every time like the big
argument that everybody would have was
see the best burgers and Burger King
you're the best fries at McDonald's
you're the best Nuggets at Wendy's right
now Wendy's is still smack in the game
front hand back hand Pat hold down hold
that
that's how Wendy's gets down McDonald's
McDonald's is on a run they're on a run
with new items on a run with new ina the
light were you going Burger King what
happened what happened you're still
hungry
subscribe now hey guys you know what it
is hit me up in the comment section
below let me know what you want to see
for next week and if you didn't get a
chance to check out Wednesday's food
fight between Starbucks and Dunkin
Donuts oh you're playing on my emotions
you need to go ahead and handle that
right now but until then every Wednesday
every Friday every Wednesday every
Friday every Wednesday every Friday more
and more and more
I thought of yous can take a baby I know
you can't hey listen man definitely
gonna wake you up regular with two
sugars
it is a fight dad that's uh that's like
the bully coming in but but he comes in
with Vanessa Peter but the game is still
on smash but I'm but um but during their
first bite it was stickier was it was
sticky like it was literally on the roof
of my mouth